added Python tab and sample to set cloud role name (#69539)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-monitor/app/app-map.md

});
});
```

# [Python](#tab/python)

> For Python, [OpenCensus Python telemetry processors](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/app/api-filtering-sampling#opencensus-python-telemetry-processors) can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Python, [OpenCensus Python telemetry processors](api-filtering-sampling.md#opencensus-python-telemetry-processors) can be used.
```

Author: Updated. Thank you @lgayhardt !
